# Function apiV1QuorumRunTransaction of cactus-plugin-ledger-connector-quorum does not behave the same with different types of credentials

## Expected Behavior
We expect Quorum connector to accept the same arguments as a transaction to run apiV1QuorumRunTransaction function independently of the type of credential used for sign the transaction. 

## Current Behavior
Now, apiV1QuorumRunTransaction can run without *gas* argument of schema QuorumTransactionConfig only using authentication of type GethKeychainPassword.

## Possible Solution
Look at the code for default values of transaction fields and remove them.

We might define required parameters in QuorumTransactionConfig schema (in openapi.json) and validate them with express-openapi-validator package at web services. Autogenerated QuorumTransactionConfig interface will be updated automatically.

## Steps to Reproduce

1. Create a Web3SigningSchema of type CactusKeychainRef (linked to a keychain plugin) or PrivateKeyHex:
   
    ```typescript
    const cactusCredential = {
        type: Web3SigningCredentialType.CactusKeychainRef,
        ethAccount: testEthAccount1.address,
        keychainEntryKey,
        keychainId,
    }
    const privateKeyCredential = {
        type: Web3SigningCredentialType.PrivateKeyHex,
        ethAccount: testEthAccount2.address,
        secret: testEthAccount2.privateKey,
    }
    ```
2. Call apiV1QuorumRunTransaction function with cactusCredential, without gas field:
        
    ```typescript
    const parameters = {
        web3SigningCredential: cactusCredential,
        transactionConfig: {
            from: cactusCredential.ethAccount,
            to: privateKeyCredential.ethAccount,
            value: 10e7,
        },
      };
    const res = await apiClient.apiV1QuorumRunTransaction(
        parameters as RunTransactionRequest,
    );
    ```
    The previous code does not work.
3. Create a Web3SigningSchema of type GethKeychainPassword with a genesis account:

    ```typescript
    const gethCredential = {
        type: Web3SigningCredentialType.GethKeychainPassword,
        ethAccount: firstHighNetWorthAccount,
        secret: "",
    }
    ```
4. Call apiV1QuorumRunTransaction function with gethCredential, without gas field:
        
    ```typescript
    const parameters = {
        web3SigningCredential: gethCredential,
        transactionConfig: {
            from: gethCredential.ethAccount,
            to: privateKeyCredential.ethAccount,
            value: 10e7,
        },
      };
    const res = await apiClient.apiV1QuorumRunTransaction(
        parameters as RunTransactionRequest,
    );
    ```
    The previous code does work


## Context (Environment)

This issue has appeared when trying different ways to authenticate against Quorum.

Is located at package cactus-plugin-ledger-quorum

## Detailed Description

Now, apiV1QuorumRunTransaction can run without *gas* argument of QuorumTransactionConfig schema only using authentication of type GethKeychainPassword. With CactusKeychainRef and PrivateKeyHex authentication types does not work.

We might require all parameters that are mandatory for Quorum.
