# Go API client for cactus-plugin-keychain-vault

Contains/describes the Keychain API types/paths for Hyperledger Cactus.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 2.1.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import cactus-plugin-keychain-vault "github.com/hyperledger/cactus-plugin-keychain-vault/src/main/go/generated/openapi/go-client"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), cactus-plugin-keychain-vault.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), cactus-plugin-keychain-vault.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), cactus-plugin-keychain-vault.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), cactus-plugin-keychain-vault.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultApi* | [**DeleteKeychainEntryV1**](docs/DefaultApi.md#deletekeychainentryv1) | **Post** /api/v1/plugins/@hyperledger/cactus-plugin-keychain-vault/delete-keychain-entry | Deletes an entry from the keychain stored under the provided key.
*DefaultApi* | [**GetKeychainEntryV1**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getkeychainentryv1) | **Post** /api/v1/plugins/@hyperledger/cactus-plugin-keychain-vault/get-keychain-entry | Retrieves the contents of a keychain entry from the backend.
*DefaultApi* | [**GetPrometheusMetricsV1**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getprometheusmetricsv1) | **Get** /api/v1/plugins/@hyperledger/cactus-plugin-keychain-vault/get-prometheus-exporter-metrics | Get the Prometheus Metrics
*DefaultApi* | [**HasKeychainEntryV1**](docs/DefaultApi.md#haskeychainentryv1) | **Post** /api/v1/plugins/@hyperledger/cactus-plugin-keychain-vault/has-keychain-entry | Retrieves the information regarding a key being present on the keychain or not.
*DefaultApi* | [**SetKeychainEntryV1**](docs/DefaultApi.md#setkeychainentryv1) | **Post** /api/v1/plugins/@hyperledger/cactus-plugin-keychain-vault/set-keychain-entry | Sets a value under a key on the keychain backend.


## Documentation For Models

 - [DeleteKeychainEntryRequestV1](docs/DeleteKeychainEntryRequestV1.md)
 - [DeleteKeychainEntryResponseV1](docs/DeleteKeychainEntryResponseV1.md)
 - [GetKeychainEntryRequestV1](docs/GetKeychainEntryRequestV1.md)
 - [GetKeychainEntryResponseV1](docs/GetKeychainEntryResponseV1.md)
 - [HasKeychainEntryRequestV1](docs/HasKeychainEntryRequestV1.md)
 - [HasKeychainEntryResponseV1](docs/HasKeychainEntryResponseV1.md)
 - [SetKeychainEntryRequestV1](docs/SetKeychainEntryRequestV1.md)
 - [SetKeychainEntryResponseV1](docs/SetKeychainEntryResponseV1.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



